docs: adds SVM details to enhancement blog post (#45923)
kubernetes/website: content/en/blog/_posts/2024-04-17-kubernetes-1.30.md

Reviewer: - mention that the new API is alpha, and that it was previously available out of tree

See [Traffic Distribution](/docs/reference/networking/virtual-ips/#traffic-distribution) for more 
details. 

### Storage Version Migration ([SIG API Machinery](https://github.com/kubernetes/community/tree/master/sig-api-machinery))

> Kubernetes v1.30 introduce new built-in API for _StorageVersionMigration_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes v1.30 introduces a new built-in API for _StorageVersionMigration_.
```
